docs: v4 flash accounting concepts optimizations (#853)
Uniswap/docs: docs/contracts/v4/concepts/02-flash-accounting.mdx

In previous versions of Uniswap, every time a swap was made - including multi-hop swap - tokens were transferred between Pool contracts for intermediate steps.

This design incurred inefficiencies because transferring tokens with external calls to their smart contracts - especially in a multi-hop swap - is quite expensive. This design was required since each pool was its own contract and token transfers were required to maintain accounting and solvency.

With the singleton architecture, a better design was possible and is referred to as _Flash Accounting_. The design became practical with gas efficiencies of [Transient Storage](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1153). _Flash Accounting_ further reduces the gas cost of trades that cross multiple pools and supports more complex integrations with Uniswap v4.

With _flash accounting_, each balance-changing operation (e.g. swap and liquidity modification) updates an internal net balance known as `delta`. Only the final balance-changes require token transfers.

![Flash Accounting Step 1](./images/Uniswap_V4_Flash_Accounting_Step_1.png)
![Flash Accounting Step 2](./images/Uniswap_V4_Flash_Accounting_Step_2.png)

> For example from the above diagrams - let's say you have 20 `USDC` and 20 `USDT` but you want to add liquidity with lesser `USDC` and more `USDT`. Previously this would require multiple external calls as tokens were transferred between Pool contracts when swapping from `USDC` to `USDT`. But now with v4's Flash Accounting we only need to keep track of `delta` - thus we can `swap` and `modifyLiquidity` in a single call and only the final balance-changes involve actual token transfers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example from the above diagrams - let's say you have 20 `USDC` and 20 `USDT` but you want to add liquidity with 15 `USDC` and 25 `USDT`. Previously this would require multiple external calls as tokens were transferred between Pool contracts when swapping from `USDC` to `USDT`. But now with v4's Flash Accounting we only need to keep track of `delta` - thus we can `swap` and `modifyLiquidity` in a single call and only the final balance-changes involve actual token transfers.

In the above example, we are swapping 5 USDC to 5 USDT to create liquidity with 15 USDC and 25 USDT. In between the operations (*swap, modifyLiquidity*), no token transfers are made
```

For example, a user wanted to add liquidity to `ETH <> DAI` but does not have DAI. The user can swap some `ETH` to `DAI` in order to add liquidity with both tokens. In addition, the user can multi-hop swap going from `ETH` to `USDC` to `DAI`. If properly integrated, the user would only need to transfer ETH _once_.

> ## Developer resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Developer Resources
```
